father christmas is the one who gave me
coronavirus
i know it sounds like i'm a child
telling a lie but um i was in finland in
lapland
i would met father christmas that day
and then we had to be evacuated to come
back home without um because finally
kicking everyone out and when i landed
in
the uk i had coronavirus what did you
feel
well it was awful i didn't have it as
bad as some people have had it i had it
for about five weeks it was very bad
i had corona i got a gig obviously
um i was really um grim for a couple of
weeks but
what i didn't know is like the downside
like two months later
i didn't know coronavirus had a downside
oh yeah it was just
nice
i mean it was great at first but uh
after like a couple of months my lung
capacity still hadn't mine still hasn't
i went for a run today and had to stop
but still it feels like you can't
breathe to the very bottom
that side of it's horrible isn't it well
like you were saying bro this broad
range of
potential symptoms is so broad it's like
if your oxygen rate
falls below 93 you might have to be
hospitalized what is the o2
what does it even mean if you're so like
if
your oxygen saturation levels at like 99
you're bang on you're having a laugh
but is that out of something 99 is it a
percentage what is it
i don't know but it's he's guessing it's
a hundred it's not going to be an 89 out
of 102.
no that's not that's not well that's why
you don't guess about medicine
because does that mean that the other
one of your blood wasn't oxygen
you could form no no name or my guest
slay
which service do you require i just want
someone to take a punch really